[Train] Add Lightning Version Compatibility Info (#38582)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/train/getting-started-pytorch-lightning.rst

                )
            )
            ray_trainer.fit()

> Compatibility Notice:
> ---------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version Compatibility
---------------------
```

> We advise using Ray Train with ``pytorch_lightning>=1.6.5`` for full compatibility and reliability. Our integrations are tested for `pytorch_lightning` version `1.6.5` and `2.0.4`. 
> Using earlier versions is at your own risk and may result in unexpected issues. If you met any compatibility issues, please try to upgrade your PyTorch Lightning versions or 
> `file an issue <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Train is tested with `pytorch_lightning` versions `1.6.5` and `2.0.4`. For full compatibility, we recommend using ``pytorch_lightning>=1.6.5`` . 
Earlier versions are not prohibited but may result in unexpected issues. If you run into any compatibility issues, consider upgrading your PyTorch Lightning version or 
`file an issue <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/issues>`_. 
```
